Brother, the house has been transferred.
OK
Is your luggage packed?
Of course, yeah.
Brother, the living conditions here are average
Can you get used to it?
I'm already married.
Also, I will spend a lot of time in the future.
It's used for emotional development.
The company has more responsibilities
Leave it to me.
What are you doing?
I just went on and I checked it.
According to the survival strategy of naked married couples provided by netizens
We want to live well.
Need to learn bookkeeping
Well, it's all up to you.
Our estimated salary is now 10,000 two
The house was sublet to us cheaply by Mill
Rent 2,000
In addition to eating, you have to save money to buy a house and a car
Therefore, if you can save, save as the first principle
To live a good life
I'll give you my pay card
You can spend it however you say
No, you got involved.
It's called family involvement.
Let's respect each other
equal consultation
Grow together